Complete cache volume docs (#1513)
hwameistor/hwameistor: docs/docs/volumes/cache.md

## Install Dragonfly
1. Configure /etc/hosts according to the cluster

> ```console
> $ vi /etc/hosts
> host1-IP hostName1
> host2-IP hostName2
> host3-IP hostName3
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ```console
   $ vi /etc/hosts
   host1-IP hostName1
   host2-IP hostName2
   host3-IP hostName3
   ```
```
Normally, indentations (3 spaces) are required for 1-2-3 list

> 2. When installing Dragonfly components, the cluster default sc is used to create storage volumes, so a default sc needs to be configured first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. To install Dragonfly components, ensure a default storage class is configured, as it is required to create storage volumes.
```

$ rpm -ivh dfget-2.1.44-linux-amd64.rpm
```

> 6. In order not to affect the subsequent, we need to cancel the previously configured default sc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. To avoid issues, cancel the previously configured default storage class.
```

```console

>  $ kubectl patch storageclass hwameistor-storage-lvm-hdd -p '{"metadata": {"annotations":{"storageclass.kubernetes.io/is-default-class":"false"}}}'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kubectl patch storageclass hwameistor-storage-lvm-hdd -p '{"metadata": {"annotations":{"storageclass.kubernetes.io/is-default-class":"false"}}}'
```
If only a command, `$` is not necessary, which may add extra action to delete it.

Please note the `claimName` uses the name of the pvc bound to the dataset

```yaml
   apiVersion: apps/v1
   kind: StatefulSet
   metadata:
      name: nginx-dataload
      namespace: default
   spec:
      serviceName: nginx-dataload
      replicas: 1
      selector:
         matchLabels:
            app: nginx-dataload
      template:
         metadata:
            labels:
               app: nginx-dataload
         spec:
            hostNetwork: true
            hostPID: true
            hostIPC: true
            containers:
               - name: nginx
                 image: docker.io/library/nginx:latest
                 imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
                 securityContext:
                    privileged: true
                 env:
                    - name: DATASET_NAME
                      value: dataset-test
                 volumeMounts:
                    - name: data
                      mountPath: /data
                 ports:
                    - containerPort: 80
            volumes:
               - name: data
                 persistentVolumeClaim:
                    claimName: hwameistor-dataset
```

> Attention
> 1) env: DATASET_NAME=datasetName

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info
env: DATASET_NAME=datasetName
:::
```
see docsaurus guide: https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features/admonitions
